README.md, before:

# ember-skill-tree
A Skill Tree for Learning Ember.js in 2019

![Ember Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/ember-developer-roadmap.png)

Skill tree diagram generated with [Draw.io](http://draw.io)

## Other Skill Trees
- [Ember Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/skill-tree.png)
- [Ember-Guides Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/ember-guides.png)
- [Ember Pre-requisites Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/pre-req.png)


## Contributing Guidelines
Please refer to [Contributing](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Other Roadmaps
- [React Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/adam-golab/react-developer-roadmap)
- [Vue Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/flaviocopes/vue-developer-roadmap)
- [Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap)
- [roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/)

## References
- https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/learning-ember-ember-skill-tree/16725
- http://plantuml.com/mindmap-diagram
- https://blog.anoff.io/2018-07-31-diagrams-with-plantuml/

Commit message:

[CHORE] Removing ember-developer-roadmap assets
Adding link to the new repo

README.md, after:

# ember-skill-tree
A Skill Tree for Learning Ember.js in 2019

If you are looking for Ember Developer Roadmap, it is moved to a new [repository](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-developer-roadmap).

![Ember Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/skill-tree.png)

Skill tree diagram generated with [Spacemacs](http://spacemacs.org) and [PlantUML](http://plantuml.com/).	

## Ember Guides Skill Tree
![Ember-Guides Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/ember-guides.png)

## Ember Pre-requisites Skill Tree
![Ember Pre-requisites Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/pre-req.png)

## Other Skill Trees
- [Ember Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/skill-tree.png)
- [Ember-Guides Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/ember-guides.png)
- [Ember Pre-requisites Skill Tree](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/pre-req.png)


## Contributing Guidelines
Please refer to [Contributing](https://github.com/rajasegar/ember-skill-tree/raw/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Other Roadmaps
- [React Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/adam-golab/react-developer-roadmap)
- [Vue Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/flaviocopes/vue-developer-roadmap)
- [Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap)
- [roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/)

## References
- https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/learning-ember-ember-skill-tree/16725
- http://plantuml.com/mindmap-diagram
- https://blog.anoff.io/2018-07-31-diagrams-with-plantuml/
